CREATE-EVENT-SOURCE-MAPPING()                    CREATE-EVENT-SOURCE-MAPPING()



NAME
       create-event-source-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Identifies  a  poll-based event source for a Lambda function. It can be
       either an Amazon Kinesis or DynamoDB stream, or an  Amazon  SQS  queue.
       AWS  Lambda  invokes  the specified function when records are posted to
       the event source.

       This association between a poll-based source and a Lambda  function  is
       called the event source mapping.

       You provide mapping information (for example, which stream or SQS queue
       to read from and which Lambda function to invoke) in the request  body.

       Amazon  Kinesis or DynamoDB stream event sources can be associated with
       multiple AWS Lambda functions and a given Lambda function can be  asso-
       ciated with multiple AWS event sources. For Amazon SQS, you can config-
       ure multiple queues as event sources for a single Lambda function,  but
       an SQS queue can be mapped only to a single Lambda function.

       If  you  are using versioning, you can specify a specific function ver-
       sion or an alias via the function name parameter. For more  information
       about versioning, see AWS Lambda Function Versioning and Aliases .

       This operation requires permission for the lambda:CreateEventSourceMap-
       ping action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-event-source-mapping
          --event-source-arn <value>
          --function-name <value>
          [--enabled | --no-enabled]
          [--batch-size <value>]
          [--starting-position <value>]
          [--starting-position-timestamp <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]


OPTIONS
       --event-source-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the event source. Any record added
          to  this  source  could cause AWS Lambda to invoke your Lambda func-
          tion, it depends on the BatchSize . AWS  Lambda  POSTs  the  event's
          records to your Lambda function as JSON.

       --function-name (string)
          The  Lambda  function  to invoke when AWS Lambda detects an event on
          the stream.

          You can specify the function name (for example, Thumbnail )  or  you
          can specify Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function (for example,
          arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:account-id:function:ThumbNail ).

          If you are using versioning, you can also provide a qualified  func-
          tion  ARN (ARN that is qualified with function version or alias name
          as suffix). For more information about versioning,  see  AWS  Lambda
          Function Versioning and Aliases

          AWS  Lambda  also  allows you to specify only the function name with
          the account ID qualifier (for example, account-id:Thumbnail ).

          Note that the length constraint applies only  to  the  ARN.  If  you
          specify  only  the  function name, it is limited to 64 characters in
          length.

       --enabled | --no-enabled (boolean)
          Indicates whether AWS Lambda should begin polling the event  source.
          By default, Enabled is true.

       --batch-size (integer)
          The  largest  number  of  records that AWS Lambda will retrieve from
          your event source at the time of invoking your function. Your  func-
          tion  receives  an event with all the retrieved records. The default
          for Amazon Kinesis and Amazon DynamoDB is 100 records. For SQS,  the
          default is 1.

       --starting-position (string)
          The  position  in  the  DynamoDB  or Kinesis stream where AWS Lambda
          should start reading. For more information, see GetShardIterator  in
          the  Amazon  Kinesis  API Reference Guide or GetShardIterator in the
          Amazon DynamoDB API Reference Guide . The AT_TIMESTAMP value is sup-
          ported only for Kinesis streams .

          Possible values:

          o TRIM_HORIZON

          o LATEST

          o AT_TIMESTAMP

       --starting-position-timestamp (timestamp)
          The  timestamp  of the data record from which to start reading. Used
          with shard iterator type AT_TIMESTAMP. If a record with  this  exact
          timestamp  does  not  exist,  the  iterator returned is for the next
          (later) record. If the timestamp is  older  than  the  current  trim
          horizon,  the  iterator  returned  is  for the oldest untrimmed data
          record (TRIM_HORIZON). Valid only for Kinesis streams .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UUID -> (string)
          The AWS Lambda assigned opaque identifier for the mapping.

       BatchSize -> (integer)
          The  largest  number  of  records that AWS Lambda will retrieve from
          your event source at the time of invoking your function. Your  func-
          tion receives an event with all the retrieved records.

       EventSourceArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the Amazon Kinesis or DynamoDB
          stream or the SQS queue that is the source of events.


       FunctionArn -> (string)
          The Lambda function to invoke when AWS Lambda detects  an  event  on
          the poll-based source.

       LastModified -> (timestamp)
          The  UTC  time string indicating the last time the event mapping was
          updated.

       LastProcessingResult -> (string)
          The result of the last AWS Lambda invocation of  your  Lambda  func-
          tion.

       State -> (string)
          The  state of the event source mapping. It can be Creating , Enabled
          , Disabled , Enabling , Disabling , Updating , or Deleting .

       StateTransitionReason -> (string)
          The reason the event source mapping is in its current state.  It  is
          either user-requested or an AWS Lambda-initiated state transition.

